docs: Added information related to the automatic release (#290)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/contributing.md

```bash
make test
```

This is also run by the CI pipeline, so you can be sure that your changes do not break the package. We recommend running the tests in the lowest version of python supported by the package (see the pyproject.toml) to ensure compatibility.

### Running linting
To run the linting before a PR you can use the following command:

```bash
make lint
```

This command is equivalent to the command run during CI. It will check for code style and formatting issues.

## Semantic Versioning and Releases
MTEB follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). This means that the version number of the package is composed of three numbers: `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`. This allow us to use existing tools to automatically manage the versioning of the package. For maintainers (and contributors), this mean that commits with the following prefixes will automatically trigger a version bump:

- `fix:` for patches
- `feat:` for minor versions
- `breaking:` for major versions

Any commit with one of these prefixes will trigger a version bump upon merging to the main branch as long tests pass. A version bump will then trigger a new release on PyPI as well as a new release on GitHub.

> Other prefixes will not trigger a version bump. For example, `docs:`, `chore:`, `refactor:`, etc., however they will structure the commit history and the changelog. You can find more information about this in the [python-semantic-release documentation](https://python-semantic-release.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). If you do not intend to trigger a version bump your are not required to follow this convention when contributing to MTEB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other prefixes will not trigger a version bump. For example, `docs:`, `chore:`, `refactor:`, etc., however they will structure the commit history and the changelog. You can find more information about this in the [python-semantic-release documentation](https://python-semantic-release.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). If you do not intend to trigger a version bump you're not required to follow this convention when contributing to MTEB.
```
